{"doc_id":"meta_prohibited_content","type":"policy","platform":"Meta","title":"Meta Ads - Unacceptable Content","text":"Meta advertising policies prohibit the following types of contents. Child Sexual Exploitation, Abuse, and Nudity. Coordinating Harm and Promoting Crime. Dangerous Organizations and Individuals. Discriminatory Practices. Hateful Conduct. Human Exploitation. Locally Illegal Content, Products or Services. Misinformation. Vaccine Discouragement. Fraud, Scams and Deceptive Practices. Unacceptable Business Practices."}

{"doc_id":"meta_restricted_goods","type":"policy","platform":"Meta","title":"Meta Ads - Restricted goods","text":"Alcohol Ads that promote or reference alcohol must comply with all applicable local laws, required or established industry codes, guidelines, licenses and approvals, and include age and country targeting criteria consistent with Meta's targeting requirements and applicable local laws. Target audience must be at least 18 years old. Ads must not contain content that exploits crises or controversial events for commercial purposes. Dating ads may only be targeted to people over the age of 18. Dating ads cannot have an emphasis on sexual encounters, financial transactions, services offering to facilitate affairs, and connections with fictitious groups or individuals. Ads for dating services are only allowed with prior written permission. Ads must not promote the sale of hazardous goods and materials. Ads promoting or marketing dietary, health or weight loss products and services must be targeted to people at least 18 years or older. Ads promoting or marketing cosmetic products, procedures or surgeries, must be targeted to people at least 18 years or older. Ads must not promote the sale of historic artifacts. Ads must not promote the sale of human body parts or fluids. Ads must not promote, donate, or gift products derived from threatened or extinct or endangered species. This includes both wildlife and plants. Ads must not promote peer-to-peer sales or trade of live non-endangered animals, including ambiguous contexts where the nature of the sale or trade is unclear. Ads must not promote the sale or use of tobacco or nicotine products and related paraphernalia. Ads must not promote Electronic Nicotine delivery devices. Ads must not promote the sale or use of weapons, ammunition or explosives. Advertisers can’t run ads that promote the sale or use of illicit or recreational drugs, or other unsafe substances, products or supplements. Meta requires advertisers who wish to run addiction treatment ads targeting people in the United States to be certified with LegitScript and apply to Meta for permission to advertise. Ads promoting credit cards, loans or insurance services must be targeted to people 18 years or older and must not directly request the input of any personally identifiable information or certain types of financial information. Advertisers promoting financial products and services must demonstrate they are authorized by the relevant regulatory authorities where this is a requirement. Ads may not promote cryptocurrency trading platforms, software and related services and products that enable monetisation, reselling, swapping or staking of cryptocurrencies without prior written permission. Ads that promote online gambling and gaming may not be targeted to people under 18 years of age, and these ads are only allowed with prior written permission from Meta."}

{"doc_id":"meta_advertising_policy_principles","type":"policy","platform":"Meta","title":"Meta Ads - advertising policy principles","text":"Our policies require all advertisers to comply with the laws in their jurisdiction, not engage in discriminatory practices, and not sell illegal or unsafe substances. Our policies prohibit ads promoting products, services, schemes or offers using deceptive or misleading practices, including those meant to scam people out of money or personal information. We prohibit ads containing shocking, sensational, or excessively violent content, certain adult content and profanity. We also prohibit other objectionable material, such as content implying or attempting to generate negative self-perception in order to promote diet, weight loss or other health related products. Our Ad Library offers a view of all ads currently running across our apps and services. It also offers additional information on ads about social issues, elections or politics, including range of spend, who saw the ad and the entities responsible for those ads. Ads about these topics are visible whether they're active or inactive and are stored in the Ad Library for 7 years."}

{"doc_id":"meta_basic_checklist","type":"policy","platform":"Meta","title":"Meta Ads - Basic Checklist","text":"If your ad links to a website, ensure that:
It’s functioning properly.
It doesn’t contain sexually suggestive, shocking, misleading, or disruptive (e.g. pop up ads) content.
The volume of ads isn’t disproportionate relative to the site’s content.
It’s clearly accessible and relevant to your ad.
Ensure that your ads:
Follow our Advertising Standards and Community Standards.
Follow all applicable laws and advertising codes.
Accurately represent your company, product, service or brand being advertised.
Ensure your ads don’t:
Include improper grammar or punctuation.
Include sexual content, nudity or allusions to sexual activity.
Reference or imply a user’s personal characteristics, including but not limited to race, ethnicity, religion, beliefs and sexual orientation.
Discriminate or promote discrimination.
Promote misleading or deceptive practices or products in any capacity.
Contain images that portray non-existent functionality (for example, a “play” button that doesn’t play actual content).
Make potentially misleading claims or set unrealistic expectations.
Include low quality content (for example, using sensationalized or exaggerated language or witholding key information to entice someone to click on the ad)."}

{"doc_id":"meta_personal_attributes","type":"policy","platform":"Meta (Facebook & Instagram)","title":"Meta Ads - Personal Attributes Policy","text":"Meta prohibits ads that directly or indirectly assert or imply knowledge of a user's personal attributes. Ads must not include language that suggests knowledge of a person's health condition, financial status, political affiliation, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or other sensitive characteristics. Example violations include phrases like 'Do you have diabetes?' or 'Are you struggling with debt?' Advertisers must use neutral language that does not assume personal traits about the audience."}

{"doc_id":"meta_health_claims","type":"policy","platform":"Meta (Facebook & Instagram)","title":"Meta Ads - Health and Wellness Claims","text":"Meta restricts exaggerated or misleading health claims in advertisements. Ads for supplements or wellness products must not promise guaranteed results such as 'lose 20 pounds instantly' or 'cure anxiety permanently'. Before-and-after imagery showing unrealistic transformations may be rejected. Claims must be supported by reliable evidence, and landing pages must not contain deceptive health information. Medical treatments, pharmaceutical promotions, and telemedicine ads may require additional review or certification."}

{"doc_id":"meta_financial_ads","type":"policy","platform":"Meta (Facebook & Instagram)","title":"Meta Ads - Financial Products and Services","text":"Advertisements promoting financial products such as loans, credit cards, insurance, cryptocurrency, or investment services must clearly disclose risks and avoid misleading profit claims. Ads cannot promise guaranteed investment returns or unrealistic financial outcomes. Cryptocurrency exchanges and trading platforms may require written permission from Meta before advertising. Financial services advertisers must also comply with regional regulations and licensing requirements."}

{"doc_id":"google_ads_prohibited_content","type":"policy","platform":"Google Ads","title":"Google Ads - Prohibited Content","text":"Google Ads prohibits advertisements promoting illegal products, services that are designed to enable dishonest behavior, counterfeit goods, dangerous products, or services that facilitate illegal behavior. Ads must not contain malware, phishing attempts, or misleading system warnings. Content that promotes discrimination, harassment, or harmful stereotypes is also prohibited. Ads that display shocking content or promote hatred, intolerance, or violence aren’t allowed."}

{"doc_id":"google_ads_prohibited_practices","type":"policy","platform":"Google Ads","title":"Google Ads - Prohibited practices","text":"Google Ads doesn't allow advertisers to attempt to trick or circumvent our ad review processes with their ads, content, or destinations. The advertising partners shouldn’t misuse user data, nor collect it for unclear purposes or without appropriate disclosures or security measures. Avoid Ads that deceive users by excluding relevant product information or providing misleading information about products, services, and businesses can compromise user trust in the Google Ads platform."}

{"doc_id":"google_ads_restricted_categories","type":"policy","platform":"Google Ads","title":"Google Ads - Restricted Categories","text":"Certain advertising categories on Google Ads are restricted and require additional verification or compliance steps. These include Sexual content, cryptocurrencies and related products, financial services, healthcare products, gambling, political advertising, and alcohol promotion. Advertisers must provide certifications or meet regional regulatory requirements before running ads in these categories."}

{"doc_id":"google_ads_editorial","type":"policy","platform":"Google Ads","title":"Google Ads - Editorial and Technical Requirements","text":"Google Ads requires ads to meet editorial standards for grammar, punctuation, clarity, and formatting. Ads must accurately represent the product or service being advertised and avoid excessive capitalization, misleading symbols, or clickbait phrasing. Display URLs must match the destination domain, and landing pages must function correctly without deceptive redirects or hidden content."}

{"doc_id":"tiktok_advertising_policies","type":"policy","platform":"TikTok","title":"TikTok Ads - General Advertising Policies","text":"TikTok requires that all advertisements comply with community guidelines, local laws, and platform standards. Ads must not include misleading information, illegal products, counterfeit goods, or discriminatory content. Advertisements must accurately represent the product being sold and must not imitate system notifications or platform features. Landing pages must function correctly and clearly match the advertisement content."}

{"doc_id":"tiktok_guidelines","type":"policy","platform":"TikTok","title":"TikTok Ads - Creative Content Guidelines","text":"TikTok ads must follow creative standards designed for a short-form video environment. Ads must be clear, authentic, and not misleading. Content must avoid dangerous activities, excessive violence, or adult content. Video ads should clearly display brand identity and include appropriate disclosures when necessary. Misleading editing techniques, fake engagement prompts, or artificially manipulated results are prohibited."}

{"doc_id":"tiktok_health_finance","type":"policy","platform":"TikTok","title":"TikTok Ads - Health and Financial Advertising Restrictions","text":"TikTok restricts advertisements that promote medical treatments, pharmaceutical drugs, supplements, or financial services. Advertisers must not make exaggerated health claims or guarantee financial success. Financial ads must disclose risk and cannot promote get-rich-quick schemes. Certain categories such as cosmetic procedures, investment platforms, or crypto trading may require certification or pre-approval."}

{"doc_id":"tiktok_quality_requirements","type":"policy","platform":"TikTok","title":"TikTok Ads - quality requirements","text":"
1. The ad caption and text must be free of spelling or grammatical mistakes, and must not use symbols incorrectly among the letters.
Commonly accepted slang, such as gonna, is allowed
2. The ad image must not feature blurry, unclear, and unrecognizable visuals, and must not use columns or pixels to partially cover images.
3. The ad must be legible and of a high resolution.
4. The duration of the ad must be a minimum of 5 seconds, and a maximum of 60 seconds.
5. The ad video must use the standard video size:
6. The ad must contain audio and it must not be of poor quality, such as having unclear or muffled sound.
7. Ad content must be dynamic. Do not rely on static or still images as the primary element in your ad. Static images should not occupy more than 50% of the video.
8. Ad interaction; ensure that your ad incorporates interaction and is not motionless. For example, avoid featuring a person holding a mobile device with a still image on the screen"}

{"doc_id":"linkedin_prohibited_content","type":"policy","platform":"Linkedin","title":"linkedin - Prohibited practices","text":"Ads for illegal products, services and activities are prohibited.LinkedIn does not tolerate discrimination based on personal attributes such as age, gender, gender identity, disability, religion, ethnicity, race, color, national origin or sexual orientation.LinkedIn does not tolerate discrimination based on personal attributes such as age, gender, gender identity, disability, religion, ethnicity, race, color, national origin or sexual orientation.LinkedIn does not tolerate discrimination based on personal attributes such as age, gender, gender identity, disability, religion, ethnicity, race, color, national origin or sexual orientation.LinkedIn does not tolerate discrimination based on personal attributes such as age, gender, gender identity, disability, religion, ethnicity, race, color, national origin or sexual orientation.Ads must not use copyrights belonging to third parties unless express permission has been granted by the copyright owner.Ads for fake documents and related services are prohibited.Ads for tobacco products are prohibited.Ads for tobacco products are prohibited.Ads related to the promotion, use or sale of weapons, ammunition, fireworks or any other violent product or service are prohibited.Ads containing adult content, including ads for adult products and services, are prohibited.Ads for counterfeit goods are prohibited.Ads related to gambling or sweepstakes of any kind are prohibited.Ads for fortune telling, dream interpretations and individual horoscopes are prohibited, except when the emphasis is on amusement rather than serious interpretation.ds promoting unrealistic or misleading claims about health improvements, including those related to diet and weight loss, are prohibited.Ads related to affiliate advertising are prohibited. Publishers may not run in-stream video ads within their sponsored content without LinkedIn's prior authorization.Political ads are prohibited, including ads advocating for or against a particular candidate, party, ballot proposition, law, regulation, or otherwise intended to influence an election outcome; ads fundraising for or by political candidates, parties, political action committees or similar organizations, or ballot propositions; and ads exploiting a sensitive political issue even if the advertiser has no explicit political agenda.LinkedIn does not allow ads that are inappropriate during the time of or in relation to a tragedy, disaster, or similarly sensitive event.Ads that promote products or services for hacking, cracking or circumvention are prohibited. Ads must not promote or endorse products, services or actions that would result in a breach of LinkedIn's User Agreement or Privacy Policy, or that may result in harm to LinkedIn or its members. Do not use an ad to promote, install or distribute viruses, worms, spyware, malware or other malicious software. Do not use an ad to promote a website that tricks a user into providing personal or other information.Ads must not target based on sensitive data or categories. Do not deceive, confuse or otherwise degrade the experience of members who click on your ad."}

{"doc_id":"linkedin_Restricted_Content","type":"policy","platform":"Linkedin","title":"linkedin - Restricted practices","text":"The following products have restriction in adverting and may differ based on country law. Alcohol, Animal Products, Dating Services, Contest and Competition, Soliciting Funds, Prescription Drugs, Over-the-Counter Drugs, Pharmacy and Telehealth Services, Medical Devices and Medical Treatments, Financial Services, Cryptocurrency."}
